Update salaried teacher training page (#4594)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/funding-and-support/salaried-teacher-training.md

All salaried courses are broadly the same, but the course length and qualifications you work towards may vary.

> These courses are in high demand and very competitive, so it’s important to apply as soon as you can if you’re eligible. You can also apply to fee-paying courses. These tend to be less competitive, and you may be eligible for [bursaries or scholarships to help fund fee-paying courses](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries).

Author: ```suggestion
These courses are in high demand and very competitive, so it’s important to apply as soon as you can if you’re eligible. You can also apply to fee-paying courses. These courses tend to have a higher success rate, and you may be eligible for [bursaries or scholarships to help fund fee-paying courses](/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries).
```

## How does salaried teacher training work? 

> Salaried teacher training is usually similar to non-salaried teacher training. You'll spend most of your time in [school placements](/train-to-be-a-teacher/school-placements), with some theoretical learning.

Author: ```suggestion
Salaried teacher training is usually similar to non-salaried teacher training. You'll spend most of your time [working in a school while you train](/train-to-be-a-teacher/school-placements), with some theoretical learning.
```

## How do I find a salaried teacher training course? 

> To apply for salaried teacher training, you can [find postgraduate teacher training](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) and filter by salaried courses. 

Reviewer: Should we tweak the wording here re the filter, to align more with what the filter says?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d216f153-8914-4737-8607-45dd409c3f89)

> To apply for salaried teacher training, you can [find postgraduate teacher training](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) and filter by salaried courses. 

Author: ```suggestion
To apply for salaried teacher training, you can [find postgraduate teacher training](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) and use the filter to only show courses that come with a salary. 
```

You can [find postgraduate teacher training](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) and filter by salaried courses. 

> It’s usually wise to apply for non-salaried courses as well to increase your chances of getting a place on a course.

Reviewer: I know this is in prod already but I wonder whether it is useful to talk about `fee-paying courses` rather than `non-salaried courses` to distinguish them more - we don't really use `non-salaried` on the site (except in a couple of minor places)?

@emmaachesongray @Sarah-DfE
